welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
we have always lived in the castle
eighteen-year-old mary catherine merrick
cat
blackwood lives on the family estate
with her older sister constance and
their ailing uncle julian
constance has not left the house in the
six years since she was tried and
acquitted of the death of her parents by
poisoning
every tuesday marraquette goes to the
village to shop while the villagers
harass her
maracat practices her own brand of
protective magic by burying articles of
power in the ground to keep evil forces
at bay
constance sees only a single family
friend
helen clark who comes to tea every week
helen tries to convince constance that
she should rejoin the outside world
this enrages and terrifies maracat who
creates magic to prevent constance from
leaving
the following thursday constance sends
maracat on an errand to town
maricat is distressed at the thought of
going into town on the wrong day and has
no time to check her magical safeguards
when she returns she finds all her wards
have been unearthed
rushing to warn constance she finds
constance with their cousin charles
over the next few days charles attempts
to lure constance away with the promise
of seeing the world while setting his
sights on the family fortune
locked in a safe constance as charmed
and subservient towards him
at the same time charles behaves
condescendingly to julian and taunts
maricat with the idea of stealing her
sister
maracat retaliates by casting magical
spells on charles
vandalizing his room and belongings and
speaking to him only in descriptions of
poisonous plants
when charles threatens to punish her
maracat throws everything on charles's
desk
including his lit pipe into a
wastebasket
charles ultimately chases her upstairs
and beats her until he discovers that
his room is on fire
the fire department arrives along with
the villagers
who call to let the house burn constance
and marakat
hide downstairs as the fire is
extinguished
the villagers rush into the house and
vandalize it
the mob seems ready to attack the
sisters but helen clark's husband
announces that uncle julian has died of
smoke inhalation
the mop disperses and the sisters take
refuge in the woods
the following morning the sisters return
home
and barricade the doors and windows with
the upper floors destroyed
the remains resemble a turreted castle
maracat announces that she intends to
poison the whole village
constance reveals that this is what
maracat did once before to their parents
and expresses gratitude that maricat
saved her from their wicked father
the villagers leave gifts of food at
their door and apologize for destroying
their property
but they never respond charles returns
begging constance to let him in when
they remain silent
charles enters the house by force and
attacks constance
maracat bludgeons him to death with a
snow globe
and they bury him in the garden now in
the present
the sisters are still cleaning what
remains of their house when two village
children arrive to taunt them
mericat steps outside and the children
flee in fear
as maracat returns constance tells
marakat that she loves her
and maricat for the first time in the
film
smiles thank you all for watching
don't forget to subscribe and hit the
bell notification for more of these
videos